Transform this existing UniConnect project into a branded social media app for Kyungdong University, designed as a student community platform that looks and feels like a mix between Discord (modern dark theme and chat UI) and Instagram (clean feed, profile pages, and interactivity).

The final version should:

Be visually branded for Kyungdong University.

Be interactive, engaging, and dynamic with new features.

Include a footer signature showing student information.

Be fully functional, responsive, and beautiful to present as a university web project.

🏫 Branding & University Identity

Use Kyungdong University’s color theme based on its official website (https://www.kduniv.ac.kr/kor/Main.do
).

Approximate brand colors (use Tailwind config):

colors: {
  kdublue: '#003366', // deep navy blue  
  kdugray: '#f5f6fa', // soft gray background  
  kdugold: '#d4af37', // gold accent (optional for highlights)  
  kduwhite: '#ffffff',
}


Apply Kyungdong’s branding throughout:

Navbar background: kdublue

Buttons and links: kdugold or gradient of blue/purple

Text and content backgrounds: subtle gray/white contrast

Include Kyungdong University’s logo in the navbar or hero section.

If the logo file isn’t available, generate a clean text+icon logo reading:
“Kyungdong University – UniConnect” (stylized in modern sans-serif).

Use the Kyungdong logo or initials (“KDU”) as the favicon.

👨‍🎓 Footer Signature

At the bottom of every page, add this text (styled elegantly and centered):

Website designed and made by:  
Student Name: GYAWALI AABHUSHAN  
Student ID: 2217133  
Department: Smart Computing  
Batch: Fall-22


Make it small, semi-transparent, and white on dark mode (or dark gray on light mode).

Add a subtle top border or shadow to separate the footer visually.

🧩 Features to Add and Polish
🔹 Visual & UI Enhancements

Add a hero banner on the home/feed page with the KDU logo, name, and tagline:
“A space where Kyungdong University students connect, share, and grow.”

Add smooth page transitions, hover effects, and gradient accent lines.

Add profile banners, avatars with gradient borders, and badges for active users.

Implement dark/light mode toggle (persist preference in local storage).

Add skeleton loaders and animated post transitions for a professional touch.

🔹 Core Social Features

Follow/Unfollow system: users can follow others, and a “Following” feed tab should appear beside the main feed.

Reactions: add multiple emoji reactions (👍 ❤️ 🔥 💡 🤔).

Comment replies: enable nested comment threads.

Poll-type posts: allow users to create simple polls with voting.

Notifications: toast or dropdown notifications for likes, comments, and new followers.

Post filters: newest, most liked, or followed users only.

Infinite scroll or “Load more” for the feed.

🔹 Student-Oriented Features

Groups: allow users to create/join groups by department, semester, or club (e.g., “Smart Computing 7th Sem”).

Events page: post and view university or club events, with RSVP buttons.

Resources tab: upload and share notes, PDFs, and helpful links (stored in /uploads).

Study Buddy: a simple form/listing where students post subjects they’re studying to find partners.

Achievements: badges for milestones like “First Post,” “100 Likes,” “Most Active.”

🔹 Optional (for extra polish)

Add AI caption suggestion for image posts (mock API or dummy feature).

Add translation button under posts (English ↔ Korean).

Add guest view mode: guests can browse posts but must register to interact.

🧱 Backend Updates

Add new tables using Drizzle ORM:

follows (followerId, followingId)

reactions (postId, userId, emojiType)

polls and poll_votes

groups and group_members

resources (fileUrl, title, uploaderId)

notifications (userId, type, content, read, timestamp)

Expand Express routes in server/routes.ts for all new features.

Keep existing authentication and anonymous cookie system intact.

🧠 Frontend Implementation

Use React Query for API management and caching.

Update navigation to include:

Home

Following

Groups

Events

Resources

Profile

Add a university-themed navbar with logo and gradient hover effects.

Make all pages responsive (mobile-first layout).

Apply Tailwind’s backdrop-blur, drop-shadow, and transition utilities to achieve Discord/Instagram aesthetics.

⚙️ Build & Test

Apply all new changes and routes.

Run Drizzle migrations.

Rebuild the frontend (npm run build).

Start the app (npm run start or npm run dev).

Verify that:

University branding is consistent site-wide.

All new features are integrated and functional.

Footer with student details appears on all pages.

No 404 or routing issues occur.

📋 Final Deliverables

List all new files and modifications.

Confirm working features (feed, profile, follows, events, etc.).

Confirm visual branding (Kyungdong color scheme + logo + footer).

Confirm public accessibility and responsiveness.

Final output should look like an official Kyungdong University Student Social Platform — stylish, functional, and professional.